To YaoYuxiao:

The following feecback is for the Project 3 draft. I will respond to the repo
after commit 43abaea.

Provide feedback about the following topics:

1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?

I did not see a Makefile in the root or scripts repository. To satisfy the
requirements of the project, it would be good to include one that evokes your
docker environments and produces your final report.

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?

There are both python and R scripts available in the scripts subdirectory.
The Juypter notebook was easy enough to follow and the markdown also includes
an explanation of the data processing.

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?

It is not clear if a docker environment was used. You should consider using one
or more docker environments to run your scripts. It would also be reasonable to
include an explanation of that process on your README.

4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?

I thought the plots were useful. You might consider bar plots instead of pie
charts. I would also suppress some of your text output in the markdown for UMD.

5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?

I would consider adding a Makefile. I would also put your figures in a
subdirectory underneath results. You did include both a R for making plots
and a Rmd for the report. You might be able to remove the R script if
everything is captured well by the Rmd.

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?

You state your questions clearly in the README. You also remind the reader
in your report. I would consider adding a bit more language to these sections.
Also there is a typo in the bullet under Demographics.

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client’s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?

The questions and data are relevant to UMD. It may be relevant to see if any
of the demographics have changed over time.

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it)

It is mentioned on the README that UMD provided the datasets. I thought it was
smart to list a few key variables from each dataset.

9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?

While most of the figures were easy to follow, it would still be wise to lead
the reader through your figures. Some language setting up the plot and then
discussing the plot could be useful.

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?

I thought this could also be elaborated a bit more. You have some great data
to show UMD, it would be helpful to describe how they could use this data to
make informed decisions.

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?

This project was able to utilize both R and Python to sort through UMD's data
on its shelter. The addition of Make and Docker will help with reproducibility
The questions and analysis are appropriate and address UMD needs. I think some
more could be done to improve readability, especially to a lay audience. You
have made some great progress towards Project 3!
